Dev (#2)
emilscience/pythonforbiologistsEK: README.md

# Title 1
## Title 2
Writing text of different formats is different I markdown compared to word. Markdown is like coding a regular text. 

### This is title 3
Showing a block of code can look like this:

    conda activate <my-environment>
    script.py <input-argument>

Here is a [link](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/index.html).

> Here’s a link to my favorite **python documentation webpage.** *Python is great!* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a [link](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/index.html) to my favorite **python documentation webpage.** *Python is great!* 
```
